Add a script to submit models for the GENIAC official evaluation (#8)
llm-jp/scripts: pretrain/geniac-submit/README.md

# GENIAC Official Evaluation

> This project provides instructions to submit models and tokenizers as W&B artifacts for the GENIAC official evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides instructions to submit models and tokenizers as W&B artifacts to the GENIAC official evaluation.
```

Author: geniac-evaluation だと公式の評価ツール（[llm-leaderboard](https://github.com/wandb/llm-leaderboard/tree/g-leaderboard)）を使った評価スクリプトっぽく見えるかと思い geniac-submit にしましたが，確かに単に submit と言われても謎ですね，すみません．geniac-evaluation or geniac-model-submit くらいでしょうか．

Author: geniac-evaluation に rename しました

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x installed
- An active W&B account
- Necessary permissions for the W&B entity and project

## Setup

Create a Python virtual environment and install dependencies.

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
. ./venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

After the installation, login to your W&B account.

```bash
wandb login
```

## Submission

> Run the following script to submit a model directory that contains a Hugging Face model checkpoint and corresponding tokenizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following script to submit a model directory that contains a Hugging Face model checkpoint and a corresponding tokenizer.
```

Author: 対応しました
